Fix behavior of deactivated sharer (#26033)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/sharing/shared_dashboards.md

: The published name will replace the dashboard title on the shared dashboard. This name is also the name the shared dashboard is listed under on the Shared Dashboard list page.

**Default Timeframe**
: This sets the default timeframe for viewers of the shared dashboard. If "Allow viewers to change the timeframe" is toggled off, this is the only available timeframe. Toggling it on provides viewers with a fixed set of timeframe options to choose from, though custom timeframes and timeframe scrubbing are not supported.

**Variables**
: This setting lets users specify which template variables on the dashboard are available to viewers. Setting the same default and available value for a template variable makes it unchangeable by viewers. <br>**Note**: This applies even if the values are set to a wildcard (\*). <br><br>By default, the shared dashboard inherits the selected and available values currently used by the sharer.

**Default Theme**
: This setting lets users choose whether the shared dashboard is displayed in light or dark mode by default. Viewers can override this option at any time.

## Restrictions on Shared Dashboards

### Dashboards cannot be shared by deactivated users

> Shared dashboards must be shared by an active user within your organization. If the sharer is deactivated, the shared dashboard **will no longer display data** until an active user claims ownership of it. The shared dashboard URL and configuration options are preserved during this state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared dashboards must be shared by an active user within your organization. If the sharer is deactivated, the shared dashboard **no longer displays data** until an active user claims ownership of it. The shared dashboard URL and configuration options are preserved during this state.
```
